docs: add available configuration options for rollouts controller. Fixes #1914 (#1921)
argoproj/argo-rollouts: docs/installation.md

You can find released container images of the controller at [Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/argoproj/argo-rollouts?tab=tags). There are also old releases
at Dockerhub, but since the introduction of rate limiting, the Argo project has moved to Quay.

### Configuration Options

> For instance, logging format can be easily set as `json` via passing the following additional command-line argument in Argo Rollouts Controller Deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, logging format can be easily set as `json` via passing the following additional command-line argument in ArgoRollouts controller deployment:
```

````yaml
      containers:
      - image: "quay.io/argoproj/argo-rollouts:v1.2.0"
        args:
        - --logformat=json
````

> You can list all available CLI options for rollouts controller using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can list all the available CLI options for the rollouts controller using the following command:
```

You can find released container images of the controller at [Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/argoproj/argo-rollouts?tab=tags). There are also old releases
at Dockerhub, but since the introduction of rate limiting, the Argo project has moved to Quay.

### Configuration Options

Argo Rollouts Controller is a Kubernetes controller that continuously manages the Rollout resources in the cluster. This command runs Argo Rollouts Controller in the foreground, and it can be configured by following options.

```
rollouts-controller [flags]
```

> ```

Author: Yes, you are right. On the negative side, when a new option is added/removed, this section could contain stale information in the future. However, on the other hand, someone can see all available configuration options from docs. If this seems unnecessary I can completely remove this part and only gave an example of changing log format.

By the way, how about writing something like as follows after the example as an alternative 

You can list all available cli options for rollouts controller using the following command:
```shell
docker run --rm -it quay.io/argoproj/argo-rollouts:v1.2.0 -h
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: The alternative looks much better. Please go ahead with the proposed change. Thanks.

> ```

Author: First, thanks for the comments and review 🙂. I changed the docs as we talked but some checks are failing. I guess it is not related to the changes proposed in this pr, or is there actually something I should fix?
